[ADD] IoT: New doc about how to connect a scale using the IoT box. (#958)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/productivity/iot/devices/scale.rst

===============
Connect a Scale
===============

When using your *IoT Box* in Odoo, you could need to use a scale. Doing so is easy and convenient as
it can be done in a few steps. Then, you can use it in your *Point of Sale app* to weigh your
products, which is helpful if their price is based on it.

Connection
==========

To connect the scale to the *IoT Box*, you just have to combine the two by cable.

.. note::
        In some cases, a serial to USB adapter may be needed.

If your scale is a `Supported devices <https://www.odoo.com/page/iot-hardware>`__, there is no
need to set up anything because it will be automatically detected as soon as it is connected.

> .. image:: scale/choix-iot.png

Author: Pouahaha, sorry... 😆

   :align: center
   :alt: IOT box auto detection.

You may need to restart the box and download your scales’ drivers from the box in some cases. To do
so, go to the *IoT Box Home Page* and click on *drivers list*. Then, click on load drivers.

.. image:: scale/driver-list.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the IoT box settings and driver list.

Use a Scale in Point of Sale
============================

> To use the scale in your *Point of Sale app*, go to the *Point of Sale* menu, under *Configuration*
> and open a *Point of Sale* in the list. Once opened, edit it and check the *IoT Box* feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the scale in your *Point of Sale* app, go to :menuselection:`Point of Sale --> Configuration
--> Point of Sale`, open the one you want to configure, then click on *Edit* and enable the *IoT
Box* feature.

```

.. image:: scale/iot-box-pos.png
   :align: center
   :alt: View of the IoT box feature inside of the PoS settings.

Now, choose the *IoT Box* in the dropdown menu and check the *Electronic Scale* option. Then, you
hit save.

.. image:: scale/electronic-scale-feature.png
   :align: center
   :alt: List of the external tools that can be used with PoS and the IoT box.

> The scale is now available in all your *PoS* sessions. Then, if a product has a price per weight
> set, clicking on it on the *PoS* screen will open the scale screen, where the cashier can weigh the
> product and add the correct price to the cart.

Reviewer: nitpicking:
I know it's obvious that it's only the sessions of the configured PoS but you wxrite "all" pos sessions.

+

```suggestion
The scale is now available in all your *PoS* sessions. Then, if a product has a price per weight
set, clicking on it on the *PoS* screen opens the scale screen, where the cashier can weigh the
product and add the correct price to the cart.
```
